Happy Birthday!
Reich, what are you doing?
It's your birthday! Reich, what are you doing?
It's your birthday!
Hey...
She is not as pretty as she was at 29!
Mrs. Green wants to set a series of rules before she leaves.
Please do not say the words “old” or “advanced”
or "they still look pretty damn attractive!"
But it is so!
Rachel, come on out!
Monica cooked breakfast
thin chocolate pancakes!
We have GIFTS!
Good ones?
They are all from the list that you gave us 2 weeks ago.
And can I take gifts and stay twenty-nine?
Well, Rachel, when you turn 30, it's not such a tragedy ...
True?
Did you feel like that when you turned 30? True?
Did you feel like that when you turned 30?
Why, Lord, why?
We had a deal
Let others grow old, but not me!
Guys, is it just me exaggerating?
No, Reich, not only you guys, is it just me exaggerating?
No, raitch, not only you
My 30th birthday wasn't really fun
And now Chandler ...
We are all getting old. Why are you doing this to us ?!